editorials: Crypto Suites, hash alg sections, small others (#85)
openid/oid4vc-haip-sd-jwt-vc: openid4vc-high-assurance-interoperability-profile-1_0.md

# Terminology

> This specification uses the terms "Holder", "Issuer", "Verifier", "Wallet", "Wallet Attestation", "Credential Type" and "Verifiable Credential" as defined in @!OIDF.OID4VCI] and [@!OIDF.OID4VP].

Reviewer: I think we should split this into terminology defined by specific specs ( termy x,y,z in VCI and a,b,c in VP) similar to how it is done in VCI and VP currently.

Reviewer 2: @c2bo: Not sure what you are asking for here. I did a side-by-side comparison of the terms of the Terminology sections of the VP and VCI specs: there is a lot of overlap, but not 100%. Perhaps you are saying that a reference to clause 2 is needed in the references in this text? In any case, I think the first part of this this sentence should read "This specification uses **terms such as**..."

Assumptions made are the following:

> * The Issuers and Verifiers cannot pre-discover Wallet’s capability

Reviewer 3: I think this section needs to be reworked. It does not match the situation with DC API in place.

* The Issuer is talking to the Wallet supporting the features defined in this profile (via Wallet invocation mechanism)

> * There are mechanisms in place for the Verifiers and Issuers to discover each other’s capability

Reviewer 3: what does this mean? Why need verifiers need to discover issuer capabilities and vice versa?

# Crypto Suites

Cryptography is required by the following operations:

- to sign and validate the signature on the Wallet Attestation and its proof of possession
- to sign and validate the Issuer's signature on the Verifiable Credential
- to sign and validate the Holder's signature on the Verifiable Presentation
- to sign and validate the Verifier's signature on the Presentation Request

> Issuers, Holders, and Verifiers MUST support P-256 (secp256r1) as a key type with the ES256 JWT algorithm [@!RFC7518] for the creation and the verification of the above signatures.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Issuers, Holders, and Verifiers MUST at least support P-256 (secp256r1) as a key type with the ES256 JWT algorithm [@!RFC7518] for the creation and the verification of the above signatures.
```

Reviewer 4: - the intent is to allow using non P-256 algs. credential does not have to be signed using P-256. if credentials signed using other algs wants to use HAIP, they need to define
- this intends to say P256 is a fall back and is minimum mandatory to implement
- there might be secure areas that might have to add P256 compliance just to be HAIP compliant? which might be limiting
- these requirements might make sense for issuance but not presentation?

Reviewer 4: - for the key for issuer signed data, Wallet has to accept P256 for SD-JWT/IssuerSigned (issuer communicates what it supports in the issuer metadata, can be P384).for the key for holder binding, issuer **has to accept** P256 for KB JWT/DeviceSigned; 
- for presentation, for RP, mandate P256 to use it to validate. no  requirement for the wallet has the credential, it already has it.

Reviewer 3: How does the text contradict your statements?

Author: @Sakurann from my perspective, the MUST and MUST at least requirements produce the same expected result. Implementers must support P256 regardless of whether the requirement is stated as MUST or MUST at least.

When using this profile alongside other cryptosuites, each entity SHOULD make it explicit in its metadata which other algorithms and key types are supported for the cryptographic operations.

# Hash Algoritms

> The hash algorithm SHA256 MUST be supported by all the entities to generate and validate the digests in the IETF SD-JWT VC and ISO mdoc.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
The hash algorithm SHA-256 MUST be supported by all the entities to generate and validate the digests in the IETF SD-JWT VC and ISO mdoc.
```

# Crypto Suites

Cryptography is required by the following operations:

> - Attestation of trust with the entities of the ecosystem.
> - Issuance and presentation using the cryptografic proof of possession of the Wallet Instance Attestations.
> - Issuance of the Verifiable Credentials.
> - Presentation Request: the process where a Verifier requests to the Holder the presentation of the Verifiable Credentials.
> - Presentation using the cryptografic proof of possession of the Credentials.
> 
> Issuers, Holders, and Verifiers MUST support P-256 (secp256r1) as a key type with the ES256 JWT algorithm [@!RFC7518] for the creation and the verification of the signatures.
> 
> When using this profile alongside other cryptosuites, each entity SHOULD explicit the supported algorithms and key types in its metadata for the processes of the signature operations.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- to sign and validate the signature on the Wallet Attestation and its proof of possession
- to sign and validate the Issuer's signature on the Verifiable Credential
- to sign and validate the Holder's signature on the Verifiable Presentation
- to sign and validate the Verifier's signature on the Presentation Request

Issuers, Holders, and Verifiers MUST support P-256 (secp256r1) as a key type with the ES256 JWT algorithm [@!RFC7518] for the creation and the verification of the above signatures.

When using this profile alongside other cryptosuites, each entity SHOULD make it explicit in its metadata which other algorithms and key types are supported for the cryptographic operations.
```

# Hash Algoritms

> The hash algorithm SHA256 MUST be supported by all the entities to generate and validate the digests in the SD-JWT VC and ISO mdoc.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The hash algorithm SHA256 MUST be supported by all the entities to generate and validate the digests in the IETF SD-JWT VC and ISO mdoc.
```

> When using this profile alongside other hash algorithms, each entity SHOULD explicit the supported algorithms in its metadata.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
When using this profile alongside other hash algorithms, each entity SHOULD make it explicit in its metadata which other algorithms are supported.
```
